---
layout: article
title: 2015 DDD Investigator Symposium
permalink: /2015-symposium/
image:
  feature: 2015_symposium1.JPG
  teaser: 2015_symposium1.JPG
---

Earlier this month, the Data-Driven Discovery Initiative hosted its first annual Investigator Symposium. The event, which was held in Seattle at the University of Washington, brought together 14 Moore Investigators in Data-Driven Discovery and 13 of their lab members (postdocs, grad students, and research associates). Sessions were broadly applicable to the group and ranged from open science to managing a laboratory, with most of the format devoted to interactive, facilitated discussion around topics of interest to the group. 

The major focus of the two-day symposium was to begin building a community of diverse researchers interested in using data-intensive techniques to answer important questions across many areas of natural science. This was achieved with long lunch and coffee breaks, meals together, and plenty of time for casual interactions among attendees.  

A major highlight of the meeting for both Moore staff and attendees was the investigators’ presentations on their work. Each investigator provided a brief overview of their research, intended for a diverse, yet data-savvy audience. The investigators represent a broad range of interests and domains, and it was particularly interesting to see the attendees drawing connections between the different projects. 

In an effort to further enable community building across all of our DDD grantees, we hosted a social mixer the evening before the symposium between the Moore Investigators and researchers from DDD’s other major strategy, Data Science Environments, who were also in town for their annual summit. This event was quite successful and we have plans to expand this period of overlap during next year’s event to allow more time for engagement and collaboration. 

To learn more about the DDD Symposium and how we support data-driven discovery, stop by to chat with Chris, Carly, and Natalie!